h1 Team Minutes for Team 7351

h2 Team Members’ Names

{table}
Name | Email
Noah Harper    | nharper32@gatech.edu
Chase Lewis     | chaselewis@gatech.edu
Zhijian Li     | zhijianli@gatech.edu
Bruce Yang     | byang77@gatech.edu
Christopher Polack     | cfpolack@gatech.edu
{table}

h1 Meeting Minutes for CS 3312 - Spring 2018

h2 Meeting 1
{table}
Meeting Date: | January 12, 2018
Start Time: 12:20pm | End Time: 1:30pm
Attendance  | All team members present
Purpose of Meeting | The purpose of this meeting was to touch base for the first time as a team since leaving for winter break and set preliminary tasks for the next few weeks.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | Since the last meeting, we presented to both our client and the class. Our client presentation took more than an hour and included technical details about our prototype. We answered questions from health partners and developers and ended by explaining our goals for the next semester. We also presented our work to the class and our instructors.
Summarize work completed during meeting |  During the meeting, we reached out to our client and set up our first meeting of the semester. We plan to create a schedule for the semester with our client so that we can begin planning our sprints. We also spoke as a team about different tools we plan to set up for when we begin development.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | We do not have any specific action items before the next meeting, which we plan to use to complete our client charter, team charter, and create the team TSquare page.
Schedule next meeting | Monday, January 15
Recording secretary | Christopher Polack
{table}



h2 Meeting 2
{table}
Meeting Date: | January 19, 2018
Start Time: 12:30pm | End Time: 1:30pm
Attendance  | All team members present
Purpose of Meeting | The purpose of this meeting was to meet with our client, as his office, for the first time since returning from the break and talk about our plans for the semester.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | Since the last meeting, our work mainly related to working on the developing our sprint list and completing our iteration plan for the semester. We set up our tsquare page and created an agenda for our meeting with our client.
Summarize work completed during meeting |  During the meeting, we first reviewed our user stories document with our client. We received important constructive feedback, including a specific user story that may not be required in the project that we may omit in the future. Our client also expressed an interest in having a computer set up at his office so that we may review our coding sprints and demo features when we visit his office. Next, we went through our iteration plan and specifically detailed what we would be accomplishing in the first sprint. Finally we went over our tentative client charter, which our client was very happy with. Overall we were able to bring our client completely up-to-date and received approval for the first steps we would take in our first sprint.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | We will first consult with our instructors to ensure that our current documents are approved. We will then send the documents to our client for approval.
Schedule next meeting | Friday, January 26
Recording secretary | Christopher Polack
{table}

h2 Meeting 3
{table}
Meeting Date: | January 24, 2018
Start Time: 2:00pm | End Time: 3:00pm
Attendance  | All team members present
Purpose of Meeting | We added an additional meeting before our next scheduled meeting on Friday in order to set action items for our first sprint.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | We completed the client charter, team charter, and updated our t-square page. We met with our instructors to speak about the potential issues we may run into with a project that does not have a UI component. We also verified that our user stories were detailed enough and due to the fact that they are large and difficult to break down, we decided to build specific technical action items for each user story.
Summarize work completed during meeting |  During the meeting, we first finished setting up our github page so that Zenhub would be correctly configured. We added milestones for each sprint and configured some labels and epics to track our future work. We began adding several initial tasks for our project and set some preliminary estimates for time required to complete them. We decided to set all of our tasks and assignments as issues on the github so that we can track all work completed, including documentation and minutes. We will break our user stories down into specific technical tasks, rather than new user stories, so that we can better track our work as the sprint progresses.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | Our next main task in Sprint 1 is to reconfigure Kafka and Confluent so they run on Windows, the platform our client specified. We have already set aside multiple work times for our team so that we can make progress on these tasks. We will also get our client charter signed by our client and upload it to our team page.
Schedule next meeting | Friday, January 26
Recording secretary | Christopher Polack
{table}

h2 Meeting 4
{table}
Meeting Date: | January 31, 2018
Start Time: 2:00pm | End Time: 3:00pm
Attendance  | All team members present
Purpose of Meeting | The purpose of this meeting was to continue working on action items that will allow us to transition to Sprint 2.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | Since the last meeting, we met with our client at his office and were able to get our client charter approved and signed. In class,we completed an retrospective in which our team discussed current good habits, habits that are weighing us down, potential problems we see in the future, and goals we can keep in mind in order to avoid these potential problems. Our issues related mainly to the fact that as we transition from prototyping to implementation, our workload will need to increase significantly this semester. Finally, we completed all of our action items for Sprint 1, which included transferring our work for our prototype onto a windows machine and connecting it to our database.
Summarize work completed during meeting | During this meeting, we quickly debriefed after our retrospective earlier that day. We discussed our results further and began working on the memo assignment. We decided to focus on the issue of a lack of time dedication and potential underestimation of our project. As we have progressed through this project, we have discovered that the complexity of specific tasks is significantly higher than we initially estimated. We have already planned to set aside longer permanent meeting times during the week and have scheduled work meetings on weekends. Finally, during the meeting we set a meeting to work on our video demo that is due at the end of the upcoming weekend.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | After this meeting, we need to continue working on creating a visible deliverable for our video demo deadline. Our project is difficult to demo due to the fact that we are handling backend data, so we must plan a video that will clearly demonstrate the features that we have added. We will also begin planning specific action items for Sprint 2, which will involve becoming more familiar with zenhub.
Schedule next meeting | Saturday, February 3
Recording secretary | Christopher Polack
{table}

h2 Meeting 5
{table}
Meeting Date: |February 6, 2018
Start Time: 6:00pm | End Time: 9:00pm
Attendance  | All team members present
Purpose of Meeting | The purpose of thethis meeting was to work through Sprint2 issues and prepare for a client meeting on February 9, 2018.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | Since the last meeting we have been able to work through most of the Sprint 2 issues. These issues include the use cases for publishing \
Operation Datastore insertions, updates, and deletions. We were able to write a Kafka producerthat recognizeschangesto the Operational Datastore andwrites that acknowledgement \
to the Kafka Cluster.
Summarize work completed during meeting | During this meeting we were able to finish upthe issues related to the use cases forpublishing Operation Datastore insertions, updates, \
and deletions. We finished workon the Kafka consumer that reads in changes from the Kafka cluster madeby the producerand logs them to the console. This completion finishes up th\
e core work forsprint 2, leaving us ahead of schedule.The rest of themeetingwas dedicated to mapping out the clientmeetingon Febraury 9th.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | After this meeting we will meet with our client to discuss action item that have been completed and address any technical issues\
 we have been having. Afterwards, we will begin working on Sprint 3. Specifically, we will be translating the SAS file to the Kafka producer so that changes made to the ODS can be \
translated into the format required by the Reporting Database.
Schedule next meeting | Monday, February 12
Recording secretary | Noah Harper
{table}

h2 Meeting 6
{table}
Meeting Date: | February 9, 2018
Start Time: 12:30pm | End Time: 2:30pm
Attendance  | All team members present
Purpose of Meeting | The purpose of this meeting was to meet with our client, on location, to demo our completing work so far and receive feedback on our progress. There were several members of the development team at the meeting who all listened to our presentation and offered input and advice regarding our future tasks.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | Since the last meeting, we prepared a demo/presentation outline for this meeting with our client. We prepared for potential questions we could be asked during the meeting and tested our solution to ensure that we would be able to demo a fully-functioning system.
Summarize work completed during meeting | During the meeting, we first explained the work we had completed during the entire sprint. After our demo, we were informed that data in the operational datastore is never completely deleted or removed from the database. Instead, the system uses a logical deletion process where old information is marked as "deleted" and not referenced in the future. Although we had implemented a delete in our demo, we now know that this feature is not necessary. We can use our implemented update feature to accomplish the logical deletion. We were also told we will be provided with an AWS instance so that we can prepare our demo ahead of time on a remotely hosted instance.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | After this meeting, we must meet next week to work on our sprint 2 retrospective. We plan to complete the balloon retrospective, as we did in class, to discuss what went well during this sprint and what we can improve on for our next sprint. Additionally, we will meet next week to write the script for our video demo so that we can record and publish a video demo of sprint 2. Finally, we will send details to our client regarding technical requirements for the AWS instance they mentioned setting up. We will need to do some research to determine the peak requirements needed by Kafka once we have a significant amount of data entering the system.
Schedule next meeting | Friday, February 16
Recording secretary | Christopher Polack
{table}

h2 Meeting 7
{table}
Meeting Date: | February 21, 2018
Start Time: 12:20pm | End Time: 1:30pm
Attendance  | All team members present
Purpose of Meeting | The purpose of this meeting was to divide up tasks for the Detailed Design draft and discuss other progress that needs to be made on our project this week.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | Since the last meeting, we met to write a script and record a video demo for sprint 2.
Summarize work completed during meeting | During the meeting, we first went through the detailed design document assignment instructions and created a list of the tasks for the paper. We decided to divide the workload based on the section divisions of the paper. As a result, Noah is working on the system architecture section, Bruce on the data storage design section, Chase and Zhijian on the component detailed design section, and Chris on the intro and UI section. While speaking about the assignment we came to the realization that we would have a hard time completing the UI design section because our application does not have any designable user interface. We decided to explain this in the section for now, and can add some supplemental information later if needed. Finally, we began filling out the team collaboration form to keep track of the distribution of work.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | We scheduled another work day for the detailed design document on Friday but will continue working on our tasks individually so that we only have to make final touches on Friday. We have decided to mutually proofread/revise, so after completing our individual sections we plan to read over each other’s work.
Schedule next meeting | Friday, February 23
Recording secretary | Christopher Polack
{table}

h2 Meeting 8
{table}
Meeting Date: | February 25, 2018
Start Time: 12:20pm | End Time: 1:30pm
Attendance  | All team members present
Purpose of Meeting | The purpose of this meeting was to complete our Detailed Design draft due tonight.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | Since the last meeting, we worked individually on our parts that were assigned during the last meeting. We also continued work for Sprint 3, which is our largest sprint of the project.
Summarize work completed during meeting | During the meeting, we completed our individual portions and performed a complete read-through of the document. We polished all figures and tables in the document and ensured that the document was legible and organized.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | By the next meeting, we will work on the second draft of our Detailed Design document. We will also be participating in a skype call with our client this week to answer some questions we have regarding the SAS files and other features we will be able to use in our solution.
Schedule next meeting | Wednesday, February 28
Recording secretary | Christopher Polack
{table}

h2 Meeting 9
{table}
Meeting Date: | March 6, 2018
Start Time: 6:00pm | End Time: 9:00pm
Attendance  | All team members present
Purpose of Meeting | The purpose of this meeting was to be an in-depth work meeting for Sprint 3. We knew our tasks that we needed to complete and used this meeting to really work on the tasks.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | Since the last meeting, we submitted our second draft for our Detailed Design document. This was due at midnight on the 4th of March. Previously, we had performed a peer review of another team's document and received feedback for our own. We incorporated this feedback into our new draft.
Summarize work completed during meeting | During this meeting, we made significant progress with our project. Several team members worked on really picking apart the SAS scripts and learned all of the syntax for different statements. We learned the difference between SQL procedures and SAS runs, an important part of the project. We will need to migrate the run statements into KSQL, the software we are using inside confluent to run the data transformations. We also began thinking about how we may implement change tracking in our application, because our client has informed us that we will not be able to use the built in MSSQL change tracking feature. Our client is worried about the potential performance issues that this continuous change tracking will create, so we are now focusing on creating an alternative that will not impact speed or space complexity.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | By the next meeting, we will wrap up our tasks for sprint 3 and close issues on our github to reflect the progress we make in the project.
Schedule next meeting | Sunday, March 11
Recording secretary | Christopher Polack
{table}

h2 Meeting 10
{table}
Meeting Date: | March 14, 2018
Start Time: 12:20pm | End Time: 1:30pm
Attendance  | All team members present
Purpose of Meeting | The purpose of this meeting was to continue working on tasks for our project. We also worked on the official client and project info for the expo event.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | Since the last meeting, team members continued to work on the SAS files and worked on integrating the different components of our solution into a working prototype.
Summarize work completed during meeting | During this meeting, we made additional progress getting more parts of the solution up and running. We were able to successfully run KSQL on the virtual machine and created property files to link the software to the existing databases. We contacted our client to ensure that we have his permission to associate his information with our project publicly for the expo.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | By the next meeting, we need to submit our expo information assignment once we receive a response from our client. We will continue working on implementing the data transformation component of our solution into KSQL.
Schedule next meeting | Friday, March 8
Recording secretary | Christopher Polack
{table}

h2 Meeting 11
{table}
Meeting Date: | March 27, 2018
Start Time: 6:00pm | End Time: 8:00pm
Attendance  | All team members present
Purpose of Meeting | The purpose of this meeting is to continue working on our tasks for Sprint 4.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | Since the last meeting, we received confirmation that our client will be attending the expo and submitted information. We also received approval that we could use our client’s name publicly in association with our project. Finally, we submitted our final draft of the detailed design document.
Summarize work completed during meeting | During the meeting, our main task was to convert the SAS scripts into a format that KSQL, the streaming SQL transformation engine built into Confluent and Apache Kafka, could process. While we have written the software components that read data from the Operational Datastore and write data to the Reporting Database, we have not yet successfully completed the entire data transformation that must take place in between these two stages. The main challenge that we encountered during this part of the project is that it is difficult to find equivalent commands in KSQL for every SAS command that we have encountered in the file provided by our client. We discovered during this meeting that due to the fact that KSQL is in its early stages of development, it currently does not have all of the functionality required to process the data to the extend that we require it to. We decided to write this functionality into our Consumer, using Java code, so that we can still provide our client with a working solution. Due to the increased complexity of this step, we plan to reduce the scope of our solution within the Patient dimension so that we can still reach our deadline. We plan to meet with our client soon to discuss and receive approval for these changes to our project. During the meeting, we were also able to refactor some of the KSQL scripts we wrote to work on windows as specified by our client. Additionally, the database provides data queries in JSON format, so during this meeting we worked on a method to handle this data and unpack it so that we can work with it in KSQL.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | By the next meeting, we will wrap up sprint 4 functionality and begin our sprint 5 tasks. Due to the issues we encountered during this stage of the project, we also will be explaining our situation to our client when we meet tomorrow so that we can receive some guidance. We plan to write out some of our ideas ahead of time so that we have full explanation for the roadblocks we have encountered.
Schedule next meeting | Our next meeting scheduled for tomorrow, March 28, with our client.
Recording secretary | Christopher Polack
{table}



h1 Meeting Minutes for CS 3311 - Fall 2017

h2 Meeting 1
{table}
Meeting Date: | September 8, 2017
Start Time: 12:00pm | End Time: 1:00pm
Attendance  | All team members present
Purpose of Meeting | The purpose of this meeting was to review our initial client email feedback and create the final draft for the email.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | This is our first official team meeting, however since the last time our team met in class we have drafted the initial client email and finished our team charter.
Summarize work completed during meeting |  Team members revised the initial client email in order to better communicate our strengths and skills to our client. Our team also worked on planning a more detailed agenda for the first meeting with our client.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | Although there are no direct assignments due next week, our team needs to prepare for the first meeting we have with our client. We must be prepared to enter the meeting with a clear goal and outcome so that we can make the most of the short time we have.
Schedule next meeting | Friday, September 15, 2017
Recording secretary | Christopher Polack, posted September 8
{table}


h2 Meeting 2
{table}
Meeting Date: | September 13, 2017
Start Time: 1:00pm | End Time:  1:30pm
Attendance  | All team members present
Purpose of Meeting | The purpose of this meeting was to write our response email to our client and discuss potential meeting times this week and next week.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | Since the last meeting we received a response from our client and needed to begin drafting the response email.
Summarize work completed during meeting |  During this meeting we sent a response to our client’s email in order to organize an initial meeting.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | Our team will all meet for our initial meeting this Friday or Monday. We will discuss preparation for the in-class assignment on Wednesday of next week.
Schedule next meeting |  Our team will meet next when we meet with our client, the next meeting will be scheduled at that time.
Recording secretary | Christopher Polack, posted September 13
{table}

h2 Meeting 3
{table}
Meeting Date: | September 22, 2017
Start Time: 12:10pm | End Time: 1:30pm
Attendance | All members present.
Purpose of Meeting | The purpose of this meeting was to discuss current assignments and do more research on our project space. We met with our client and received a large amount of information on the project that we need to sort through. We have our 2.5D sketch, vision statement, and project/client charter due in the next few days.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | Since our last meeting we met in person with our client at his office at the CDC. After that meeting we explored the demo site we were provided with by our client so that we could better understand our project space and learn what can remain constant and what needs to be improved. We will be designing an underlying workflow for this software demoed on the demo site and so thoroughly understanding the information that must be accessed easily is extremely important to our success. During class time we completed the 2.5D sketch to define our users.
Summarize work completed during meeting | We first discussed any questions with each other that we had regarding the information provided by our client after our initial meeting. We discussed our thoughts about the current system and suggested some ways to continue exploring the project over the next week. As a team, we reviewed our 2.5D sketch and discussed the sticky notes we had posted in order to answer the provided forum questions. We completed these questions and posted our answers to the forum page. In addition, we delegated portions of our vision statement assignment to members of our team and set deadlines for when these different portions needed to be completed. We made one team member responsible for posting the vision statement once it is completed. Finally, we discussed the team/client charter and filled out the template with the information we currently have available. We plan to continue updating the vision statement as necessary during the semester.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | We have delegated tasks for the three assignments we have done and will communicate over our Slack channel to assist each other with our tasks.
Schedule next meeting | Our next meeting will take place Wednesday, September 27.
Recording secretary | Christopher Polack
{table}

h2 Meeting 4
{table}
Meeting Date: |  September 29, 2017
Start Time: 1:00pm | End Time:  1:45pm
Attendance  | All members present except for Bruce, who notified the team ahead of time that he would not be able to attend.
Purpose of Meeting | After a very brief meeting on September 27, we decided to meet again today to discuss the User Story and Acceptance Criteria assignment due this weekend. Additionally we will develop a list of questions for our next meeting with our client when we will be able to speak with a contracted developer about the project.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | Since the last meeting we have submitted all three of the previous assignments and worked on our single use case that we discussed in class.
Summarize work completed during meeting |  During the meeting we discussed how we would go about completing our assignment due to the complexity and abstract nature of our project. We are building a solution that will only be in direct contact with other processes in the system, i.e. no user will have direct interaction with our product. As a result, as we developed a plan for this assignment we found it difficult to discuss user stories in the traditional sense. We spoke with our instructor during this meeting in order to gain some insight as to how we should continue and we ultimately decided to create general use cases that would explain how end-users would interact with the systems that implement our system.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | Team members will individually work on the user story assignment and at our next meeting we will discuss these ideas as a group and compile them to create a single submission.
Schedule next meeting |  The next meeting will take place over the weekend to complete and submit the User Story assignment and to set goals for our next meeting with our client.
Recording secretary | Chris Polack
{table}


h2 Meeting 5
{table}
Meeting Date: |  October 1, 2017
Start Time:  9:00am | End Time:  10:00am
Attendance  | All members except Chris Polack, who notified us before that he would not be able to attend.
Purpose of Meeting | The purpose of this meeting was to select, write, and finalize project user stories.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | Since our last meeting we continued working on project and design familiarity, as the project is extensive. Team members were required to read all project related information that was provided by Mr. Anandappa. From these documents we were able to extract some of our user stories.
Summarize work completed during meeting |  We started this meeting by discussing and selecting the user stories that would be most relevant for our project. Due to the nature of our product, we still have some ambiguity about the exact relationship between user and functionality, so we discussed how we might still close this gap in understanding. After selecting our user stories, we divided them amongst ourselves and worked to write them out. When each member had completed their user story, we went through and revised each other's work. Upon completion of our revisions, we posted our drafts to the tsquare site.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | We are meeting with Mr. Anandappa this Thursday, alongside several of the developers who have past experience within our project space. To this meeting we are bringing several technical based questions that we will be able to ask both Mr. Anandappa and the developers. We will be finalizing these questions by Wednesday and each team member has been asked to continue adding questions to the list.
Schedule next meeting | Our next meeting will take place Wednesday, October 4th
Recording secretary | Noah Harper
{table}

h2 Meeting 6
{table}
Meeting Date: | Thursday, October 5
Start Time:  12pm | End Time:  1:15pm
Attendance  | Only Noah Harper, Chase Lewis, and Chris Polack were able to attend this off-campus client meeting. The team discussed this beforehand.
Purpose of Meeting | The overall purpose of this meeting was to meet with the contracted developers who had created the software our team is tasked with redesigning. This was our team’s opportunity to ask the developers any technical questions about the project in order to gain a better understanding of the project and the specific area in which we’d be working.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | Since the last meeting we finalized the list of questions we created to ask the developers during this meeting. Our team met briefly on October 4th to review these questions and prepare an agenda for the meeting.
Summarize work completed during meeting |  The meeting was an extremely beneficial opportunity to understand the extremely complex system we are tasked with redesigning, from the perspective of the developers who created it. In addition to our client, Mr. Anandappa, there were three other developers from the contracted organization present at the meeting, including the business director. We were able to walk through all of the material we had been sent previously by email to ensure that we understood all of the content. The developers were hesitant to provide us with too much information regarding the current SAS system being used: they felt that our team would be best able to create an innovative, unique replacement solution if we are able to start with a blank slate and do not have to be concerned too much with the current solution. Our team must therefore work with a delicate balance between understanding the system and potentially “knowing too much” about the current process. Overall, the meeting was very beneficial for the team because it allowed us to answer all of our current questions and advance into the next stage of the process where we can begin to look for a solution.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | The team members at this meeting took notes and audio recordings and will type up the notes and post audio files so that the team members not able to attend can learn the material that we covered during this meeting. The developers agreed to send us more specific system information and learning material so that we can better understand the data transformation process.
Schedule next meeting |  Our next team meeting is scheduled for October 13 on campus.
Recording secretary | Christopher Polack
{table}

h2 Meeting 7
{table}
Meeting Date: |  Friday, October 13
Start Time:  2:30pm | End Time:  3:30pm
Attendance  | All team members present except for Bruce, who notified the team before the meeting that he would not be able to attend.
Purpose of Meeting | The purpose of this meeting was to finalize our User Stories assignment, which was due at the end of this day.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | Our team is waiting for emails from our client and the developers that will allow us to deploy a backup copy of the two databases we will be working with. This will allow us to get a much better understanding of the patient module and the data transformation that is occurring to get data from the Operational Database System to the Reporting Database.
Summarize work completed during meeting |  We used our meeting time to revise our user stories assignment and incorporate the feedback we received from the other group. We found it difficult to describe these user stories in extreme detail because we still do not have an exact idea what the data should look like and how it should be transformed. We were able to reorganize all of our user stories by grouping some and removing others in order to make it clearer how our solution would be interacting with the current system. The first piece of feedback we received was that we did not provide enough background information for our project in order for the user cases to be understandable to others. In response, we added information to the beginning of the document to introduce some terminology and explain the overall purpose of our component. The second and third points of critique from our reviewing team related to the organization and consistency of our cases. We restructured many of our cases and regrouped certain actions so that it was clearer where specific actions were occurring and who would initiate them. We chose to keep the last user story the same because it is one of the aspects of our project that we cannot change. Our client stated this as specific functionality that needed to be included in our solution in order to improve over the previous version, so we do not see the details as implementation-specific but more as requirement-oriented.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | Our next meeting is scheduled to be a planning opportunity for our next meeting with our client, so we do not have any specific tasks for individual team members until the next meeting.
Schedule next meeting |  Our next meeting will be next Wednesday, October 18.
Recording secretary | Chris Polack
{table}

h2 Meeting 8
{table}
Meeting Date: | Wednesday, October 18
Start Time:  12:00pm | End Time:  1:10pm
Attendance  | All team members were present for this meeting.
Purpose of Meeting | The purpose of this meeting was to create an agenda for our meeting with our client on Friday and to set some action items with team members to do some additional research on our problem.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | We did not have any specific action items from our last meeting. However, in class we worked on developing our prototype. Although our project is very abstract in the user interface aspect, we decided to create a prototype interface to allow a user to schedule the ETL process to run at specific times, or manually if desired.
Summarize work completed during meeting |  This meeting was very productive for our team because we were able to assign concrete tasks to each team member related to our specific project, rather than for a specific assignment. We decided that before we begin working on developing a solution, we need to have a better understanding of this problem space. As a team, we brainstormed a list of topics that we feel are imperative to have a deep understanding of in order to complete this project. We then grouped these topics into 5 general categories and assigned each team member one of these categories.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | Team members have been assigned their respective topic category and will do research in the following week. Chris will be researching the HL7 Protocol standard format for sending health information between organizations, the format used in our database system. Noah will be researching the STAR Schema and ETL Processes, specifically in the context of our task for the CDC. Chase will be researching open-source ETL alternatives for SAS, which will serve as the basis for our solution. Bruce will be exploring the demo site and will become familiar with the Patient Module, the specific area of the database for which we will be designing a generalizable solution. Finally, Zhijian will be researching the SAS coding format so that we can directly understand what is occurring in the code that we have been sent. We will present our findings to the team at our next team-only meeting in order to teach each other what we have learned. Our meeting will be “team-teaching” format so that we can maximize our individual knowledge of each subject. In addition, assigning these topics provides our team with an expert on each subject when someone on the team has a question about a specific detail.
Schedule next meeting | Our next meeting will be with our client over Skype on October 20. We will use this meeting to update our client and receive any feedback for the research we have performed so far.
Recording secretary | Chris Polack
{table}

h2 Meeting 9
{table}
Meeting Date: |  Friday, October 20
Start Time:  11:00am | End Time:  11:30am
Attendance  | All team members were present for this meeting.
Purpose of Meeting | The purpose of this meeting was to check-in with our client and discuss our current progress as well as our goals for the following weeks.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | Since our last meeting, team members began research into their specific topic areas. We provided ourselves with two days to become generally familiar with the specific topic areas so that we felt comfortable discussing them during the client meeting today.
Summarize work completed during meeting |  During the meeting, we discussed our chosen research areas with our client and made adjustments with the recommendations of our client and the software developers, who were also on the call. This allowed us to ensure that we are using our time most effectively by researching the areas that are the most complicated and relevant to the project. For example, during the meeting our client informed us that it was not very important to understand the details of the HL7 format (the task assigned to Chris Polack) and so we accordingly adjusted his research tasks for the following week so that we make the best use of our time. Chris will instead be looking into the deployment of the server backup so that we can begin exploring the data system. Having the developers on the call ensured that the topics we were researching were useful in the long run for understanding this system.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | Our next team-only meeting will be where we we present our research to the other members of our team. Each team member has been assigned a specific set of topics and will continue to research and read about these topics for this meeting. These tasks not only keep our team on track but also provide our client with a way to check on our concrete progress the next time we meet with him.
Schedule next meeting |  Our next meeting will be with the other class team, where we will swap and discuss prototypes, on October 25th. Our next team-only meeting, where we will discuss our research, will be Friday October 27th.
Recording secretary | Chris Polack
{table}

h2 Meeting 10
{table}
Meeting Date: | Wednesday, October 25
Start Time:  12pm | End Time:  1:15pm
Attendance  | All 7351 team members except for Chris Polack. Team 7350 members were also present in order to facilitate heuristic evaluation.
Purpose of Meeting | The purpose of this week's meeting was to connect with another team to exchange prototypes and offer feedback on project implementation.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | Since the last meeting each team member has researched a specific part of our project to then present to the rest of the group. We had also mocked up a basic UI to present to group 7350.
Summarize work completed during meeting | Team 7350, who's project goal is to create an application to optimize band uniform rental, walked us through their application page mock ups. In general, it was the opinion of our team that the general flow of 7350's application was both easy to understand and congruent. In addition, we were able to offer them some general feedback on ambiguous functionality. Examples of this include clarifying the purpose of an "advanced search" when no normal search is available, simplifying the group management page, and how band member admins might transfer ownership of the admin accounts. We were also able to give them comments on future functionality issues, such as how the pages would be adapted to include information not currently relevant or available. This feedback is, of course, dependent on whether or not the application goes on to be actively maintained. In conclusion, the meeting was successful in that we were able to share and discuss each other's ideas.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | Our next meeting will be our intra group research presentation where each member will present on different aspects of our project for the team’s benefit. The purpose of this was to try and better each team member’s familiarity with all of the aspects of our project.
Schedule next meeting |  Friday, October 27th to discuss project technicalities.
Recording secretary | Noah Harper
{table}

h2 Meeting 11
{table}
Meeting Date: | Wednesday, November 1
Start Time:  1:00pm | End Time:  1:45pm
Attendance  | All team members present except for Bruce
Purpose of Meeting | The purpose of this meeting was to prepare for our meeting with our client on Friday. We also plan to discuss the Decision Support document we just wrote this week. Finally, we plan to prepare for our conference with our instructors on Monday.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | In our last class, we spoke to our instructors because our project was very difficult to apply to the UX Assignment, which is a significantly weighted task. Our project is very far removed from the average user and interacts mainly with other data systems, so it is difficult for us to discuss a user interface and design prototypes of an interface when we will never create one. After speaking with our instructors, we were given an alternate assignment called Decision Support where we discuss two problems we encountered during the research of our problem. We then construct a series of criteria to evaluate solutions to those problems and then suggest and analyze several possible solutions. We decided to discuss our choice of open-source software as one problem and the overall data workflow structure as our other problem. We completed a draft for the assignment and submitted it on Sunday.
Summarize work completed during meeting |  During this meeting we planned an agenda for our meeting on Friday and set goals and objectives for our meeting with the client. After the research we performed for the Decision Support document we decided to propose Kafka to our clie the current Reporting Database. During the meeting we also decided that we will need to begin thinking about our demo assignment. As a team we decided that the best course of action is to create a Kafka instance with the server backup we were provided and create some proof of concept flows where we transform data from the Patient Module to a format that works with the existing system.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | For our next meeting, team members need to be very familiar with Kafka including its overall organization and specific implementation details. Additionally, team members will research the main differences between the current model and a data streaming model and should be able to discuss the advantages and disadvantages of each in our meeting.
Schedule next meeting | Our next meeting will be with our client and the developers, on site, on Friday, November 3.
Recording secretary | Chris Polack
{table}

h2 Meeting 12
{table}
Meeting Date: | Friday, November 3
Start Time:  12:00pm | End Time:  12:45pm
Attendance  | All team members present.
Purpose of Meeting | The purpose of this meeting was to speak with our client and developers and provide an update regarding our research on alternative software solutions. We also planned to create a future timeline of goals for the next couple months.
Discuss work completed since last meeting | Since our last meeting, team members performed in-depth research on our chosen open-source software solution, Apache Kafka, so that we would be prepared to discuss this with our client and answer any questions they would have about the choice we made.
Summarize work completed during meeting |  We spent the first portion of the meeting explaining some of the work we had been completing for the coursework portion of this project, including the Decision Support document which led indirectly to this meeting. The decision support document was our opportunity to research alternatives to SAS and create specific criteria by which we would judge our potential solutions. During the meeting we were able to articulate to our client the specific advantages of using Kafka over the other potential solutions in the aspects of cost, speed, space usage, and implementation simplicity. Our client was very happy with the progress we had made thus far and appreciated the depth of research we had conducted. We set out a couple future goals for our project, including the possibility of presenting our solution to all of the state health partners on a bi-weekly conference call. This would be our main final presentation for this prototyping stage and would require us to very clearly define our solution and how it would fit into the current system. The users of the current system would have many questions regarding how their current workflow would be interrupted and we will need to be prepared for these questions. Finally, we discussed some issues we had been having including our difficulty getting the backup server up and running. We will speak with the other team to see how they were able to successfully deploy it and will notify our client if we are still unable to do so.
Review action items to be completed after meeting | We will each work on the final version of our Decision Support assignment due November 10. All team members will continue to work on researching implementation of Kafka and we will speak with the other team working with the database in order to resolve our problems with deployment.
Schedule next meeting |  Our next meeting will be Wednesday, November 8.
Recording secretary | Chris Polack
{table}
